The 2022 season was the Philadelphia Eagles' 90th in the National Football League (NFL), their 20th playing home games at Lincoln Financial Field, their second under head coach Nick Sirianni, and seventh under general manager Howie Roseman since he returned to the position (twelfth overall). The Eagles started 8–0 for the first time in franchise history, before their winning streak was snapped with a 32–21 upset loss to the Washington Commanders in Week 10. They improved on their 9–8 record from last year after a 40–33 victory over the Green Bay Packers in Week 12. With a 48–22 road win over the division rival New York Giants in Week 14, the Eagles clinched their second straight playoff berth, and their fifth in six seasons. After a 25–20 road win over the Chicago Bears in Week 15, the Eagles matched their franchise-best 13–1 start in the 2004 season and secured their third 13-win season win in franchise history, after 2004 and 2017. With a 22–16 win over the Giants in Week 18, the Eagles won the NFC East for the first time since 2019, and clinched the NFC's #1 seed for the first time since 2017. The Eagles also reached 14 regular season wins, a franchise record.
In the Divisional Round, the Eagles routed the Giants 38–7 for their first postseason win since 2018. With this win, Philadelphia completed a 3-0 sweep of all three games played against New York, and advanced to the NFC Championship for the first time since 2017. The Eagles went on to win the NFC Championship against the San Francisco 49ers 31–7, advancing to Super Bowl LVII, their fourth Super Bowl appearance in franchise history, to face the Kansas City Chiefs and former longtime head coach Andy Reid. Despite holding a 24–14 lead at halftime, the Eagles ultimately lost to the Chiefs by a score of 38–35. As of 2025, this is the most recent season where the Eagles did not face the Buccaneers or Rams.

Roster changes
Free agents
Signings
Departures
Trades
April 28: The Eagles traded a first-round pick in the 2022 NFL draft and a third-round pick in the 2022 NFL draft to the Tennessee Titans for WR A. J. Brown.
August 15: The Eagles traded TE J. J. Arcega-Whiteside to the Seattle Seahawks for S Ugo Amadi.
August 24: The Eagles traded S Ugo Amadi and a seventh-round pick in the 2024 NFL draft to the Tennessee Titans for a sixth-round pick in the 2024 NFL draft.
August 30: The Eagles traded a fifth-round pick in the 2023 NFL draft and a sixth-round pick in the 2024 NFL draft to the New Orleans Saints for S C. J. Gardner-Johnson and a seventh-round pick in the 2025 NFL draft.
August 31: The Eagles traded WR Jalen Reagor to the Minnesota Vikings for a seventh-round pick in the 2023 NFL draft and a conditional fourth-round pick in the 2024 NFL draft.
October 26: The Eagles traded a fourth-round pick in the 2023 NFL draft to the Chicago Bears for DE Robert Quinn.

Draft
Draft trades

Staff
Final roster
Team captains
Jason Kelce (C)
Lane Johnson (T)
Jalen Hurts (QB)
Jake Elliott (K)
Darius Slay (CB)
Fletcher Cox (DT)
Brandon Graham (DE)

Preseason
Regular season
Schedule
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

Game summaries
Week 1: at Detroit Lions
For the third straight year, the Eagles were on the road to kick off the season. After the Lions scored on their opening drive, the Eagles would score 21 unanswered points. The Lions would try and rally with 21 points in the second half, but the Eagles would hang on and defeat the Lions for the second straight year. With the win, the Eagles started 1–0 for the ninth time since 2010 and for the second time under head coach Nick Sirianni.

Week 2: vs. Minnesota Vikings
This week 2 matchup was thought to see two high powered offenses go at it in a possible high scoring affair. However, only the Eagles would show off their high powered offense. The Eagles would receive the ball and march down the field finishing with a 3 yard Jalen Hurts touchdown. Kicking off the second quarter, Jalen Hurts would connect with Quez Watkins on a 53 yard touchdown to double Philadelphia's lead to 14–0. The Vikings would counter that with a touchdown pass from Kirk Cousins to Irv Smith Jr. Later in the second quarter, Jalen Hurts would scramble and power his way in for a 26 yard touchdown (the longest from an Eagles QB since Donovan McNabb in 2002). The Eagles would close out the second quarter with a Jake Elliott 38 yard field goal. In the second half, the Eagles defense would step up and shut down the Vikings offense. The only glimmers of hope for Minnesota were a blocked field goal in the third quarter and a fourth-quarter interception by former Eagle Jordan Hicks; in both instances, however, each of the ensuing Vikings drives ended in Eagles interceptions. Despite no second half points from either team, the Eagles looked to be the dominant team. The Eagles would go on to win and have their first 2–0 start since 2016. Furthermore, this game was by far Jalen Hurts' best performance throwing the ball and claimed by many media members his possible "breakout game." Jalen would finish 26 of 31 for 333 yards 3 total touchdowns and 1 interception with a passer rating of 108.7.

Week 3: at Washington Commanders
In his first time facing the Eagles since being traded away from them, Carson Wentz was sacked 9 times and the Commanders only had 47 total yards of offense in the first half. Jalen Hurts threw for 300 yards in back-to-back games and threw touchdown passes to Dallas Goedert, A. J. Brown, and DeVonta Smith in the second quarter. The third touchdown to Smith to make the score 24–0 was on the last play of the 1st half on 4th and Goal from the 1-yard line. Smith finished with 8 receptions for 169 yards, and the Eagles won 24–8. They became the first NFC team to hit the 3–0 mark and was the first time they accomplished that feat in six years.

Week 4: vs. Jacksonville Jaguars
The Eagles hosted the Jacksonville Jaguars in a reunion with former Eagles head coach, Doug Pederson. Philadelphia entered the game as the lone unbeaten team in the league following the Miami Dolphins' loss to the Cincinnati Bengals the previous Thursday. The Jaguars jumped out to a quick 14–0 lead following a pick six by Andre Cisco and a 4 yard touchdown reception by Jamal Agnew. The Eagles rebounded with a dominant second quarter to take a 20–14 lead on touchdown runs by Jalen Hurts, Miles Sanders, and Kenneth Gainwell. The defense would also stymie Jacksonville throughout the game, forcing an interception and four Trevor Lawrence fumbles, including one that snuffed out any hope of a Jaguars comeback. With the 29–21 win, the Eagles improved to 4–0 for the first time since the 2004 season.
Also with this win, Philadelphia defeated Jacksonville for the fourth straight time. The Eagles took their first-ever lead in their all-time series with the Jaguars: now leading 4–3 after initially trailing 0–3.

Week 5: at Arizona Cardinals
The Eagles withstood a late rally by the Cardinals and improved to 5–0 on the season. This was Philadelphia's first win in Arizona since the 2001 season, as well as their first ever win at State Farm Stadium.

Week 6: vs. Dallas Cowboys
The Eagles continued their 2nd quarter dominance, scoring 20 points on four consecutive drives. The Cowboys offense battled back in the 2nd half scoring touchdowns on two long drives to cut the deficit to 20–17, but DeVonta Smith scored a touchdown to make it a two-score game again. Cooper Rush threw his third interception, with the following drive leading to a missed field goal attempt. The Eagles ran out the clock and won 26–17. This was the Eagles' first win against the Cowboys since 2020, their first with Hurts at starting QB and Sirianni as head coach. They also started 6–0 for the third time in franchise history.

Week 8: vs. Pittsburgh Steelers
Thanks to a 3-touchdown performance by AJ Brown and 4 passing touchdowns by Jalen Hurts, with this win, the Eagles matched their franchise best 7–0 start in 2004.

Week 9: at Houston Texans
This was played the same day as Game 5 of the 2022 World Series between the Houston Astros and the Philadelphia Phillies, moved back by one day due to rain in Philadelphia earlier in the week. Estimates from Nielsen Media Research show the baseball game drew an average of five million more viewers, with a share of at least 50 in both Philadelphia and Houston. Meanwhile, the football game, originally scheduled to air on the Fox affiliates in both markets per NFL rules, moved to the MyNetworkTV affiliates in both markets.

Week 10: vs. Washington Commanders
The Eagles welcomed the surging Washington Commanders to Philadelphia for a rematch of their Week 3 meeting. Philadelphia started strong early, but the tables would turn in the second quarter once Washington got their run game going. The Commanders rallied behind a dominant ground attack and a lights-out defense, outscoring the Eagles 25–7 over the final three quarters to hand Philadelphia its first defeat of the season in a 32–21 upset. With the stunning loss, the Eagles fell to 8–1 and failed to become the first NFL team to start a season 9–0 since the Steelers did two seasons ago, who coincidentally also faced their first loss to Washington, who were then the Washington Football Team. Despite this loss, Philadelphia still tied a franchise record for their best start at 8–1.

Week 11: at Indianapolis Colts
This was head coach Nick Sirianni's first return to Indianapolis since leaving the team in January 2021 to become the Eagles' head coach. Sirianni previously served as the Colts' offensive coordinator under then-head coach Frank Reich from 2018 to 2020, appearing in the playoffs twice in that span, and Sirianni's last game was the 2020 AFC Wild Card game, which was a 27–24 loss to the Buffalo Bills. After trailing 13–3 through three quarters, Jalen Hurts and the Eagles rallied in the fourth quarter to stun the Colts 17–16, with Hurts running the ball for the game winning score from 7 yards out with less than 90 seconds left. This victory marked the first time the Eagles won a game after trailing by 10 or more points entering the fourth quarter since 2010. The Eagles improved to 9–1, matching their win total from 2018, 2019, and 2021, and matching their best record through 10 games set in 1949, 1960, 1980, 2004, and 2017.

Week 12: vs. Green Bay Packers
The Eagles put up 363 rushing yards against Green Bay, with both Jalen Hurts and Miles Sanders rushing for over 100 yards each. While the Eagles defense gave up 33 points to the Packers, they intercepted Aaron Rodgers twice. Rodgers exited the game in the third quarter due to an injury and was replaced by Jordan Love, who threw a 63-yard touchdown to rookie wide receiver Christian Watson. The Eagles would clinch the victory with a 54-yard field goal from Jake Elliott. With the win, the Eagles improved to 10–1 (their first double digit win season since 2017) and maintained their lead in the NFC.

Week 13: vs. Tennessee Titans
A. J. Brown dominated his former team for 119 yards and 2 touchdowns on 8 receptions. Philadelphia's defense held Titans star running back Derrick Henry to just 30 yards on the day. With the win, the Eagles improved to 11–1, their best start in 12 games since 2004.

Week 14: at New York Giants
The Eagles improved to 12–1, clinching their second consecutive playoff berth, and their best start since 2004. The 48 points scored by the Eagles were the most since 2017 versus the Broncos. Jalen Hurts had his 10th rushing touchdown of 2022 in this game, becoming the first quarterback in NFL history to have 10 or more rushing touchdowns in back to back seasons.

Week 15: at Chicago Bears
The Eagles would go on to win their 13th game for the third time in franchise history (2017, 2004 prior) and their best start since 2004. After a shaky start with 2 interceptions, Jalen Hurts would settle in throwing for 315 yards and scoring 3 touchdowns. Those touchdowns would tie an Eagles franchise record for the most total touchdowns (35) by a quarterback in a season. A day after the game, it was revealed that Hurts had sprained his shoulder late in the third quarter. Impressively, Hurts went 6/9 for 102 yards and 104.9 rating with the sprained shoulder, including a rushing touchdown and subsequent 2-point conversion.

Week 16: at Dallas Cowboys
Backup quarterback Gardner Minshew started the Eagles' road finale against the arch-rival Cowboys in place of Jalen Hurts, who was sitting out due to the shoulder injury he sustained the prior week against Chicago. Despite a solid performance by Minshew, Philadelphia blew two 10–point leads and was doomed by a season-high four turnovers, all of which led to scoring drives for Dallas, in what turned out to be a high-scoring slugfest. The Eagles gave up a 3rd-and-30 conversion via Dak Prescott's 52-yard pass to T.Y. Hilton, which the Cowboys would score a touchdown that same drive, which proved to be the turning point of the game. Trailing 40–34 late in the game, Minshew attempted to lead the Eagles on a go-ahead drive into Cowboys territory, but a fourth-down pass would fall incomplete, sealing Philadelphia's first and ultimately only road loss of the season. With the loss, the Eagles fell to 13–2.

Week 17: vs. New Orleans Saints
The Eagles returned home, seeking to clinch the NFC East for the first time since 2019 and the number 1 seed for the first time since 2017. However, they were instead dealt their second straight defeat in a defensive slugfest with a red-hot New Orleans Saints team. After falling behind 13–0 at halftime, Philadelphia pulled within three points of New Orleans with a ten-point third quarter, but their momentum would be halted with a Marshon Lattimore pick-six in the fourth quarter. With the 20–10 upset loss, the Eagles dropped to 13–3 on the year, and now need either a Week 18 win against the New York Giants or a Dallas Cowboys loss to clinch the division. It was the first since the 2018 season that Philadelphia was defeated by New Orleans.

Week 18: vs. New York Giants
Jalen Hurts returned to the Eagles' lineup against the New York Giants after missing the previous two games to a shoulder injury. Philadelphia would secure the NFC East division and the NFC's top seed behind five field goals by Jake Elliott and a rushing touchdown by Boston Scott. With the 22–16 victory, their ninth straight at home against the Giants, the Eagles finished the regular season with a 14–3 record, and set a franchise high for most regular season wins in a season.

Standings
Division
Conference
Postseason
Schedule
Game summaries
NFC Divisional Playoffs: vs. (6) New York Giants
The Eagles convincingly routed their division rival New York Giants 38–7 in their first home playoff victory since the 2017 Super Bowl championship season. New York had won their Wild Card playoff matchup on the road against the Minnesota Vikings, with Daniel Jones turning in arguably his strongest performance as a professional. The Eagles, meanwhile, had lumbered down the stretch, dropping two of their last three games and needing to play starters in Week 18 to finally secure the top seed. 
Jalen Hurts connected with DeVonta Smith for 40 yards on the second play from scrimmage. Dallas Goedert brought in a pass one-handed for a touchdown to finish the drive. Consecutive sacks by Haason Reddick turned the ball back over to the Eagles, who went up 14–0 on a 9-yard touchdown reception by Smith. Former Giant James Bradberry intercepted Jones on New York's ensuing possession. In the second quarter, Boston Scott scored on a 3-yard touchdown run, and Hurts capped off a 14-play drive with a 5-yard touchdown run to push the score to 28–0. A third quarter touchdown run by Matt Breida got New York on the board, set up by a 39-yard Saquon Barkley rush. A 15-play, 8-minute drive resulted in a Jake Elliott field goal and essentially ended any hope of a New York comeback. A 35-yard rushing touchdown by Kenneth Gainwell closed the scoring at 38–7 Eagles. 
The Eagles offense produced 268 rushing yards on 44 carries, with Gainwell leading the way at 112 yards, while the defense contributed five sacks. With the victory, the Eagles advanced to the NFC Championship, their first in five seasons.

NFC Championship: vs. (2) San Francisco 49ers
The Eagles routed the San Francisco 49ers 31–7 in the NFC Championship Game. While this was Philadelphia's first appearance in the conference championship since the 2017 season, it was San Francisco's third trip in four years. The 49ers had rolled to a 13–4 record and second seed during the season, mostly behind the league's top-ranked defense, but also due to the surprising play of rookie (7th round draft pick) quarterback Brock Purdy. 
On the opening drive of the game, DeVonta Smith made a diving, one-armed reception on a fourth down play to set up first-and-goal for the Eagles. Replays showed the ball had hit the ground, but the 49ers failed to challenge the play in time. Miles Sanders took a handoff six yards up the middle for a touchdown to make it 7–0 Philadelphia. On San Francisco's first possession, Purdy was sacked while in his throwing motion by Haason Reddick. The hit resulted in a fumble recovered by Eagles nose tackle Linval Joseph, and more consequentially, injured Purdy's throwing elbow. Journeyman backup Josh Johnson replaced Purdy, and strong defensive play by each team dominated the rest of the first quarter and into the second quarter. An impressive 29-yard touchdown run, in which he broke four tackles, by Christian McCaffrey tied the game for San Francisco. The Eagles answered immediately with a methodical touchdown drive capped off by a 13-yard scamper into the end zone by Sanders. With 1:19 left in the half, Johnson lost a fumble on a shotgun, and Boston Scott rushed to the right side for a 10-yard touchdown to make it 21–7 Eagles at halftime. 
On the first series of the third quarter, Johnson was knocked out of the game on a hit by Ndamukong Suh, forcing an injured Purdy back into action. With Purdy unable throw more than about ten yards, the 49ers offense was powerless to mount a credible comeback attempt. Jalen Hurts added a 1-yard rushing touchdown after a 15-play drive late in the third quarter, and Jake Elliott's fourth quarter field goal made it 31–7 Eagles. With less than 5 minutes left to play, 49ers All-Pro left tackle Trent Williams slammed Eagles backup safety K'Von Wallace to the ground, causing a brawl between both teams.
The 49ers were able to limit Hurts to just 121 passing yards; however, the Eagles ground attack was able to move the ball against the stout San Francisco rushing defense, totaling 148 yards for the day with all four touchdowns coming on the ground. The Eagles defense tallied three sacks and forced three turnovers (all fumbles). With the win, Philadelphia reached the Super Bowl for the first time since Super Bowl LII. The win would also mark the franchise's fourth overall NFC Championship and their third since 2004, all of which were won at Lincoln Financial Field.

Super Bowl LVII: vs. (A1) Kansas City Chiefs
The Eagles fell 38–35 to the Kansas City Chiefs in the franchise's fourth ever Super Bowl appearance. Pre-game storylines centered on Eagles center Jason Kelce and Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce becoming the first brothers to meet in the Super Bowl. Additionally, Chiefs head coach Andy Reid was facing his former team, where he spent 14 seasons as head coach (1999-2012). Finally, the game featured two of the league's best quarterbacks in Jalen Hurts and Patrick Mahomes in the first-ever Super Bowl matchup of two black quarterbacks.
Hurts opened the scoring with a quarterback sneak into the end zone on the first series. Mahomes needed six plays to match, tying the game on a touchdown pass to Kelce. On the first play of the second quarter, Hurts connected on a 45-yard bomb to receiver A. J. Brown in the end zone to make it 14–7 Eagles. On Philadelphia's next possession, Hurts drove to midfield, but lost the football in the backfield on a third down play. Chiefs linebacker Nick Bolton recovered the fumble and returned it for a game-tying touchdown. Hurts responded to the costly miscue with a 75-yard drive ending in him rushing the ball in himself for a 4-yard score. On Kansas City's next possession, Mahomes appeared to aggravate an ankle injury he had suffered earlier in the playoffs after a tackle by linebacker T. J. Edwards. A 22-yard reception by A.J. Brown helped set up a 35-yard Jake Elliott field goal, sending the teams to halftime with the score 24–14 Philadelphia.
The Chiefs offense would play a nearly flawless second half, however. Their opening drive of the third quarter culminated in an Isiah Pacheco 1-yard touchdown run, narrowing the score to 27–24. Hurts countered with a 17-play drive that included two impressive third down conversions to tight end Dallas Goedert, but the drive ended in a field goal, allowing Kansas City to take its first lead when Mahomes hit Kadarius Toney for a 5-yard touchdown on the Chiefs' next possession. The Eagles then went three-and-out, and the resultant Arryn Siposs punt was kicked away from the planned coverage, enabling a 65-yard return by Toney to the Philadelphia 5-yard line. Mahomes, on a broken play, completed a touchdown pass to Skyy Moore, opening up a 35–27 Chiefs lead. With just over nine minutes remaining in regulation, Hurts drove the Eagles to midfield then connected on a 45-yard pass down the left sideline to DeVonta Smith. Hurts scored on a quarterback sneak on the next play, then broke a tackle on the two-point conversion attempt to tie the game at 35–35. Philadelphia's defense remained unable to stop the Chiefs, however, and Mahomes drove into the red zone. A controversial holding penalty on Eagles corner James Bradberry allowed the Chiefs to run down most of the remaining time before kicking the game-deciding field goal from 27 yards out.
Hurts starred for the Eagles in defeat, passing for 304 yards and a touchdown, while also rushing for 70 yards and three touchdowns. The Philadelphia defense, which recorded 70 sacks during the regular season and 8 in the playoffs, was unable to get to Mahomes. The defeat dropped the Eagles to 1–3 all-time in Super Bowls.

Awards and honors
References
External links
Official website