The 2023 season was the Philadelphia Eagles' 91st season in the National Football League (NFL), their 30th under the ownership of Jeffrey Lurie and their third under head coach Nick Sirianni. The Eagles entered the season as defending NFC champions.
This season would mark the first season since 2010 that the Eagles wore Kelly green uniforms and the first time since 1995 that they would be featured multiple times in a season.

Despite starting with a 10–1 record for the second consecutive season, the Eagles lost five of their last six games. In Week 17, after a devastating home loss to the Arizona Cardinals, the Eagles lost control of their own destiny for the NFC East division title. In Week 18, after the Cowboys' victory against the Commanders and their own loss to the Giants, the Eagles were locked into the #5 seed. Even in victory, the Eagles had problems with a poor defense the entire season, which was ranked 26th out of 32; 8 of their 11 victories fell within one score, while they conversely suffered blowout losses to the playoff-bound 49ers and Cowboys, as well as the Giants by 3 scores. In fact, the Eagles defense allowed the third-most points of any team in the league, with over 428. The Eagles' late season woes continued into the playoffs, in which they were eliminated in the Wild Card round by the NFC South champion Tampa Bay Buccaneers in a 32–9 loss.
This was the final season for center Jason Kelce, who announced his retirement in the subsequent offseason after spending his entire 13-year career with the Eagles. It was also the final season for defensive tackle Fletcher Cox, who retired after spending his entire 12-year career with the team.
The Philadelphia Eagles drew an average home attendance of 69,878 in 8 home games in the 2023 NFL season.

Roster changes
Free agents
Signings
Departures
Trades
Draft
Draft trades

Staff
Final roster
Preseason
Regular season
Schedule
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

Game summaries
Week 1: at New England Patriots
On a rainy opening day, the Eagles would come out of the gates strong with 16 unanswered points which included a 32-yard field goal from Jake Elliott, a Darius Slay 70 yard pick 6 and a 5-yard touchdown pass from Jalen Hurts to DeVonta Smith. New England would rally back with a pair of touchdown passes from Mac Jones to Hunter Henry and Kendrick Bourne. In the second half, Jake Elliott would kick 3 field goals from 56, 48, and 51 yards. The Patriots would march down the field late in the 4th quarter and score a touchdown pass from Jones to Bourne again making the score 25–20. A Jalen Hurts fumble and turnover on downs gave the Patriots 2 more shots for the go-ahead touchdown. On 4th-and-11 with 24 seconds left in the game, Jones appeared to complete a pass to Kayshon Boutte to set up 1st-and-goal for the Patriots at the Eagle's 7-yard line before Boutte was forced out of bounds by Josh Jobe. However, the pass was ruled incomplete after the replay showed that Boutte did not get both feet inbounds after catching the ball, therefore resulting in a turnover on downs, and the Eagles would win their season opener for the third straight year (all on the road) and their seventh in the last eight seasons.

Week 2: vs. Minnesota Vikings
The Eagles would strike first on a 24-yard Jake Elliott field goal. In the second quarter, the Vikings would get on the board with a 5-yard touchdown pass from Kirk Cousins to T.J. Hockenson. The Eagles would punch back with a Jalen Hurts "tush push" 1-yard touchdown. The Vikings would march down the field with Cousins hitting a wide open Justin Jefferson. On the play, Jefferson was diving towards the pylon. However, in doing so, the ball would come loose from his hand prior to going over the plain and would go out of bounds in the endzone resulting in a touchback. Under a minute remaining, the Eagles would march down to set up Jake Elliott for a 61-yard field goal. It would tie as his longest career field goal made and put the Eagles up 13–7 at the half. On the opening second half drive, the Eagles would march down the field again and Jalen Hurts would score his second touchdown on the day with another "tush push." The Eagles would once again get the ball back on a Vikings turnover and Jalen Hurts would hit DeVonta Smith for a 63-yard touchdown putting the Eagles up 27–7. The Vikings would fight back on a pair of touchdowns from the Vikings making the score 27–21. The Eagles would rush their way down the field and would top it off with a 2-yard D'Andre Swift touchdown. Keeping things interesting, the Vikings would quickly march down field and score a touchdown of their own from Cousins to Hockenson making the score 34–28. The Vikings would get the ball back one more time in a Hail Mary effort, but would fall short. The game was noted on the 4 Vikings turnovers caused by the Eagles defense and the Eagles vicious rushing attack mainly coming from Swift who had 175 yards on the ground. The Eagles would come out 2-0 for the second straight year.

Week 3: at Tampa Bay Buccaneers
The Eagles took a 13–3 lead at halftime and built up to a 25–3 lead during the 4th quarter. While the Buccaneers responded with a touchdown and a 2-point conversion, the Eagles never let Tampa Bay get the ball back.

Week 4: vs. Washington Commanders
In a back-and-forth thriller that featured many lead changes in the fourth quarter, the Eagles defeated their division rival in overtime. This win, along with a Miami Dolphins loss to the Buffalo Bills, allowed Philadelphia to become one of only two unbeaten teams remaining, the other being the San Francisco 49ers, who defeated the Arizona Cardinals later that day.

Week 5: at Los Angeles Rams
Although the Rams took a 14–10 lead with 32 seconds remaining in the first half, the Eagles responded with a touchdown drive capped by a 1-yard Jalen Hurts run to take a 17–14 lead at halftime. The Rams were shut out in the second half as the Eagles extended their lead with two fourth-quarter field goals to secure the win.

Week 6: at New York Jets
The Eagles entered their Week 6 matchup with the New York Jets as the lone remaining undefeated team in the league, thanks to the San Francisco 49ers' loss to the Cleveland Browns just moments after the kickoff. Philadelphia raced out to a 14–3 lead in the second quarter, but the game would quickly fall apart for the Eagles from there as the Jets continued to chip away at the lead over the remainder of the game. With their lead down to 14–12 at the two-minute warning, Jalen Hurts was picked off by Tony Adams, and gave the Jets an opportunity to win the game. Breece Hall scored the go-ahead touchdown for New York on the very next play, and Philadelphia failed to respond on their final drive, allowing the Jets to run the clock out. The Eagles fell to 5–1 on the season with the 20–14 upset loss. It also marked Philadelphia's first ever loss to the New York Jets in thirteen regular-season meetings.

Week 7: vs. Miami Dolphins
Following their first-ever loss to the New York Jets, the Eagles returned to Lincoln Financial Field to face the AFC East-leading Miami Dolphins. Philadelphia wore its Kelly Green alternate uniforms for the first time since 2010. After trading field goals with the Dolphins in the first quarter, the Eagles would jump out to a 17–3 lead on a Dallas Goedert touchdown reception, followed by a Jalen Hurts quarterback sneak. Tyreek Hill would close the gap to seven points before halftime with a 27-yard touchdown reception. The teams traded punts to start the second half, before the Eagles forced a turnover on downs on a controversial play where James Bradberry appeared to grab the face mask of Cedrick Wilson Jr., but no penalty was called. A game-tying 22-yard pick six by Jerome Baker almost immediately after the controversial call seemed to turn the momentum in Miami's favor. However, Baker's pick six proved to be the last Dolphins score, as the Eagles took control of the ball for the rest of the game. On the very next possession, A. J. Brown scored on a 14-yard reception, and Kenneth Gainwell ran 3 yards for the game-clinching touchdown in the fourth quarter. With the 31–17 win, the Eagles improved to 6–1 on the season, and became the top team in the conference when the San Francisco 49ers lost to the Minnesota Vikings the following night.

Week 8: at Washington Commanders
In an offense-heavy game between the two teams, the Commanders jumped out to a 14–3 lead and were up 17–10 at halftime due to a 61-yard field goal as the half expired. However, Philadelphia scored three consecutive touchdowns in the fourth quarter to take a 38–24 lead. While Washington was able to cut the deficit to 38–31, their ensuing onside kick was recovered by Philadelphia, preserving the Eagles' win.

Week 9: vs. Dallas Cowboys
Despite committing multiple mistakes in the game's closing minutes, the Eagles staved off a late Cowboys rally to preserve a 28–23 win. The Eagles narrowly escaped with the victory when Dak Prescott completed a pass to CeeDee Lamb, who was tackled by Darius Slay four yards short of the end zone as time expired. Philadelphia improved to 8–1 for the second consecutive year with the win, and earned their first victory over a Dak Prescott led Cowboys team for the first time since 2019.

Week 11: at Kansas City Chiefs
In a rematch of Super Bowl LVII, the Chiefs took a 17–7 lead at halftime on touchdowns by Justin Watson and Travis Kelce and a field goal by Harrison Butker, while the only Eagles' scoring play of the first half was a touchdown by D'Andre Swift. However, the Eagles held the Chiefs scoreless in the second half and mounted a comeback. In the third quarter, Jalen Hurts rushed for a 10-yard touchdown to cut the Chiefs' lead to 17–14. In the fourth quarter, the Chiefs converted a 4th-and-1 in the Eagles red zone, but on the next play, Bradley Roby stripped the ball from Kelce and Nicholas Morrow recovered the fumble. Two possessions later, Hurts rushed for a 1-yard touchdown, giving the Eagles a 21–17 lead. On the Chiefs' final drive, Patrick Mahomes threw a long pass that was dropped by Marquez Valdes-Scantling, and on the next play, Mahomes was flagged for intentional grounding, setting up 4th-and-25 for the Chiefs. Mahomes' pass to Watson fell incomplete, turning the ball over on downs, and allowing the Eagles to run out the clock.
The Eagles improved to 9–1 with their first ever consecutive 9-1 starts in franchise history. This was the Eagles' first-ever win against former longtime head coach Andy Reid.

Week 12: vs. Buffalo Bills
Despite trailing 24–14 at the end of the 3rd quarter, the Eagles were able to take the lead following a touchdown, an interception by the Bills and another touchdown. While the Bills took the lead just after the two minute warning with another touchdown, Jake Elliott converted a 59-yard field goal with 20 seconds left to force overtime. After the Eagles held the Bills to a field goal, Jalen Hurts rushed for a touchdown to complete the comeback.

Week 13: vs. San Francisco 49ers
In a rematch of the 2022 NFC Championship Game, which saw the San Francisco 49ers without their quarterback Brock Purdy, the Eagles took a 6–0 lead in the first quarter buoyed by a poor performance from Purdy and two field goals for Philadelphia by Jake Elliott. However, the next six drives from San Francisco for the remaining three quarters all resulted in touchdowns, with Purdy and Deebo Samuel leading the charge to bring San Francisco to 42 points. Philadelphia could only manage to score on two drives in the second half, both touchdowns from Jalen Hurts and DeVonta Smith, with the latter touchdown being followed by an unsuccessful two-point conversion attempt. Philadelphia scored only 19 points in the loss, falling to 10–2.

Week 14: at Dallas Cowboys
The Cowboys took a 24–6 lead at halftime, with Philadelphia being held to two field goals while the Cowboys scored three touchdowns and converted a 60-yard field goal. While Philadelphia did respond in the second half with a fumble recovery touchdown by Jalen Carter, the Eagles could not score again, while Aubrey converted 3 more field goals. Following the loss, the Cowboys took NFC East control from the Eagles.

Week 15: at Seattle Seahawks
Seattle started their backup quarterback Drew Lock in place of the injured Geno Smith. The first three quarters saw Philadelphia take the lead over Seattle 17–10, from two touchdowns from Jalen Hurts and a field goal from Jake Elliott. In the fourth quarter, with two minutes left in the game and Seattle down 13–17, Lock led his team on a 94-yard drive, culminating in a 29-yard pass to Jaxon Smith-Njigba in the end zone for a touchdown to take the lead with 28 seconds left to play. Philadelphia attempted a last-ditch drive to score, which spanned 20 yards and 22 seconds before Hurts was intercepted by Julian Love, sealing the win for Seattle and handing Philadelphia their third straight loss. Seattle also extended their winning streak over Philadelphia to eight, including the teams' 2019 postseason meeting. Since 2008, the Eagles have not beaten the Seahawks.

Week 16: vs. New York Giants
Christmas Day games

 The Eagles took a 20–3 lead at halftime on touchdowns by Jalen Hurts and DeVonta Smith and two field goals by Jake Elliott, while the Giants' only scoring play of the half was a field goal by Mason Crosby. However, the Giants started to chip away at the Eagles' lead during the third quarter. During the kickoff at the beginning of the half, Giants linebacker Isaiah Simmons threw Eagles wide receiver Olamide Zaccheaus into running back Boston Scott, causing a fumble that was recovered by Simmons. Soon after, Saquon Barkley scored on a 7-yard run, and near the end of the third quarter, Hurts threw an interception to cornerback Adoree' Jackson, who returned it 76 yards for a touchdown, during which Hurts was flagged for a horse-collar tackle while trying to chase down Jackson. The Giants elected to enforce that penalty on a two-point conversion attempt, which Barkley scored, cutting the Eagles' lead to 20–18. In the fourth quarter, on the Eagles' next drive, Hurts converted a 3rd-and-20 to wide receiver A. J. Brown, which eventually lead to a 5-yard touchdown run by D'Andre Swift. The Giants turned the ball over on downs after failing to convert a 4th-and-1, leading to Elliott kicking another field goal to increase Philadelphia's lead to 30–18. New York responded with a two-play 75-yard drive, culminating in Darius Slayton scoring on a 69-yard pass from Tyrod Taylor, cutting the Eagles' lead to 30–25. Trying to run out the clock with the ground game, Philadelphia drove to the New York 26-yard line, but could only run the clock down to 1:14, resulting in another field goal by Elliott, keeping it a one-score game at 33–25. The Giants, now needing a touchdown and a two-point conversion to send the game into overtime, drove to the Philadelphia 26-yard line with three seconds remaining, but Taylor threw a pass that was intercepted in the end zone by Eagles cornerback Kelee Ringo, sealing the victory for the Eagles and snapping their three-game losing streak.
The Eagles improved to 11–4 with the win and regained control of the NFC East following the Dallas Cowboys' loss to the Miami Dolphins the previous night.

Week 17: vs. Arizona Cardinals
Philadelphia took a 21–6 lead at halftime from three touchdowns, two from Julio Jones and one from an interception return by Sydney Brown. Arizona only scored two field goals in the first half, but would make the only scoring plays in the third quarter: touchdowns from Michael Carter and James Conner, with the latter touchdown being followed by a successful two-point conversion to tie the game at 21–21. In the fourth quarter, Philadelphia and Arizona each scored touchdowns, from Dallas Goedert and Michael Wilson respectively, keeping the game tied at 28–28. Despite the Cardinals attempting an onside kick and failing to recover, a poor offense led Philadelphia to do a field goal to take the lead with two minutes left in regulation, during which key receiver DeVonta Smith was injured and withdrew from the game. Kyler Murray led Arizona on a 70-yard drive, with Conner scoring a decisive touchdown in the final minute. With 32 seconds left to play, Jalen Hurts attempted a last-ditch effort to score only to be intercepted by Joey Blount, mirroring Philadelphia's defeat to the Seattle Seahawks two weeks prior, thus sealing the upset for Arizona.
With the stunning 35–31 loss and the Dallas Cowboys' win over the Detroit Lions the night prior, the Eagles surrendered control of the NFC East and their playoff positioning to Dallas. As the San Francisco 49ers had defeated the Washington Commanders that same day, Philadelphia also lost their chances at clinching the first seed in the conference, as San Francisco clinched the first seed.

Week 18: at New York Giants
New York came out of the gate with an explosive offense that saw them score 24 points in the first half off of three touchdowns and a field goal, with Tyrod Taylor throwing for 229 yards in the first half. Philadelphia failed to score in the first half, during which A. J. Brown, Sydney Brown, and Jalen Hurts withdrew from the game due to injuries. Marcus Mariota entered the game for Hurts and led Philadelphia to a field goal and a touchdown in the second half. Although New York's offense had cooled down by then, the Eagles were unable to overcome the deficit as they ended the regular season with a 27–10 loss.
With the loss, the Eagles ended their season 11–6, and clinched the fifth seed in the NFC as the Dallas Cowboys had beaten the Washington Commanders to take the division title and mark the NFC East's 19th consecutive season without a repeat champion.

Standings
Division
Conference
Postseason
Schedule
Game summaries
NFC Wild Card Playoffs: at (4) Tampa Bay Buccaneers
Philadelphia returned to the playoffs coming off a disastrous late-season collapse that saw them fall into the fifth seed, and were hoping to reverse their momentum with a win over NFC South champion Tampa Bay. Wide receiver A. J. Brown, who suffered a knee injury in the regular season finale against the New York Giants, was unable to make it to the game.
Philadelphia's poor defense struggled to tackle Tampa Bay's ball carriers, giving up huge runs down the field; Tampa Bay logged 119 rushing yards on 29 carries and made 6-of-14 third down conversions, with Baker Mayfield throwing for 337 yards and three touchdowns. Most notably, cornerback James Bradberry made contact with Trey Palmer but failed to bring him down, proving costly as it facilitated his 56-yard touchdown run in the third quarter. Philadelphia's offensive line failed to perform well as Tampa Bay also employed the blitz defense against Jalen Hurts, leading to him getting sacked three times, with one of them occurring inside of Philadelphia's own end zone, resulting in a safety.
On the offensive side, Philadelphia were held to just a field goal and a passing touchdown by Tampa Bay's defense. Following their touchdown, Philadelphia attempted a "tush push" maneuver for a two-point conversion, but Tampa Bay was able to hold them off and pull Hurts away from the end zone. Although Hurts threw for 250 yards and DeVonta Smith caught for 148 yards, not once did Philadelphia convert off of a third down, and they only logged 42 rushing yards on 15 carries.
Their sixth loss in seven games, Philadelphia exited the postseason early with the 32–9 blowout loss, unable to defend their NFC championship. The Eagles promptly fired offensive coordinator Brian Johnson and defensive coordinators Sean Desai and Matt Patricia within a week of their playoff exit.

References
External links
Official website