The 2024 season was the Philadelphia Eagles' 92nd in the National Football League (NFL) and their fourth under head coach Nick Sirianni. The Eagles won their second Super Bowl title and first since 2017, defeating the two-time defending champion Kansas City Chiefs 40–22, in Super Bowl LIX. With this victory, the Eagles became the only franchise in NFL history to win multiple Super Bowls against defending Super Bowl champions, having previously done so seven years earlier. Philadelphia also became the only NFL franchise to avenge a Super Bowl loss against multiple franchises, defeating the Patriots  and Chiefs in Super Bowls LII and LIX after losing to them in XXXIX and LVII, respectively.
In the offseason, two longtime Eagles players, center Jason Kelce and defensive tackle Fletcher Cox, announced their retirements. This season was highlighted by the spectacular play of the newly acquired Saquon Barkley, who became the ninth running back in NFL history to reach 2,000 yards. Despite a turnover-plagued 2–2 start which included a stunning home loss to the Atlanta Falcons and a 33–16 drubbing at the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, the Eagles rebounded to win 16 of their final 17 games. With their Week 14 win over the Carolina Panthers, along with losses by the Falcons and Arizona Cardinals that same day, the Eagles clinched a playoff berth for the fourth straight year and seventh time in the last 8 seasons. With a Week 15 win over their instate rival Pittsburgh Steelers, the Eagles also improved on their 11–6 record from the previous season and won ten consecutive games for the first time in franchise history. In Week 17, the Eagles clinched the NFC East and with that win, swept the Dallas Cowboys for the first time since 2011. With their Week 18 win over the New York Giants, the Eagles finished 14–3 for the second time in three seasons. 
Under first-year defensive coordinator Vic Fangio, The defense vastly improved from last season by finishing first in total defense, allowing just 278.4 yards per game—the lowest in the league, as well as allowing only 17.8 points per game which was the second fewest overall. They registered 41 sacks, and forced 22 turnovers, as well as ranking second in turnover differential with a +11.
The Eagles defeated the Green Bay Packers 22–10 in the Wild Card Round and the Los Angeles Rams 28–22 in the Divisional Round. In the NFC Championship Game, the Eagles defeated their division rival Washington Commanders 55–23 to advance to Super Bowl LIX. That victory also gave the Eagles an all-time winning record for the first time in franchise history. The Eagles then faced the Chiefs in a rematch of Super Bowl LVII from two years earlier and defeated the two-time defending champions 40–22, preventing Kansas City from winning three straight Super Bowl championships. The Eagles finished with 18 total wins, tying an NFL record for most total wins in a season along with the 1984 San Francisco 49ers, 1985 Chicago Bears, and 2007 New England Patriots. The Eagles also set an NFL record for most points scored in one postseason, at 145.
In December 2024, Philadelphia Eagles owner Jeffrey Lurie sold an 8% minority stake in the team to two family investment groups, based on a valuation of $8.3 billion.

NFL Top 100
The Eagles had five players ranked in the NFL Top 100 Players of 2024. 

The following player was ranked in the NFL Top 100 Players of 2024 based on his performance with the Philadelphia Eagles in 2023 but is no longer on the team following the release of the list.

Offseason
Coaching changes
On January 22, 2024, the Eagles fired defensive coordinator Sean Desai after only one year in that role. On January 23, the Eagles relieved offensive coordinator Brian Johnson of his duties. On January 27, Vic Fangio was named the team's new defensive coordinator. On February 5, the team named Kellen Moore their new offensive coordinator. The 2024 season was the second season in a row that the Eagles fielded both new offensive and defensive coordinators.

Roster changes
Future contracts
All players listed below were signed to reserve/future contracts on January 18, unless otherwise noted. Each player was officially added to the active roster on March 13—the first day of the 2024 league year.

Free agents
Signings
Extensions
Releases
Retirements
Trades
Trades below only are for trades that included a player. Draft pick-only trades will go in draft section.

Draft
Draft notes

Undrafted free agents
All undrafted free agents were signed on May 10, unless otherwise noted.

Staff
Final roster
Preseason
The Eagles' preseason opponents and preliminary schedule were announced on May 15, in conjunction with the release of the regular season schedule.

Regular season
Schedule
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

Game summaries
Week 1: vs. Green Bay Packers
NFL Brazil games

In the first quarter, the Eagles turned the ball over twice in Packers territory, however, the defense was able to hold them to field goals both times, thus the Eagles only trailed 6–0 after the first quarter. In the second quarter, both teams exchanged touchdowns twice to make the score 19–14 in favor of the Packers, before the Eagles drove down the field. Despite taking up the final five minutes from the half, the Eagles were held to a field goal, resulting in the score being 19–17 at halftime. After the two sides exchanged touchdowns in the third quarter, the Eagles were able to take a 31–26 lead after Jordan Love got picked off deep in Eagles territory. Following a miss by Brayden Narveson from 43 yards out, the Eagles drove all the way to the Packers 14 yard line before Jalen Hurts got intercepted in the end zone. However, the Packers were held to a field goal on their next drive, and on their next possession, the Eagles drained the clock to just 27 seconds before kicking a field goal to take a 34–29 lead. Despite the Packers reaching midfield, Zack Baun got a sack on Malik Willis after Love exited the game due to an injury, clinching the win.

Week 2: vs. Atlanta Falcons
Despite having the ball deep in Atlanta territory up 18–15, giving the team a 99% chance of victory, the Eagles could not hold on and were dealt their first home loss to the Falcons since the 2012 season. A dropped pass by Saquon Barkley stopped the clock, giving Atlanta time on the final drive to take the lead with 34 seconds remaining in regulation. Jessie Bates III then picked off Jalen Hurts on the Eagles' final drive, securing the 22–21 upset victory for Atlanta and dropping Philadelphia to 1–1 on the year.

Week 3: at New Orleans Saints
The Eagles fell behind 3–0 after three quarters following two turnovers from quarterback Jalen Hurts and two failed fourth-down conversions in New Orleans territory. However, at the beginning of the final quarter, Saquon Barkley rushed for a 65-yard touchdown after the Saints had a turnover on downs deep in Eagles territory following a blocked punt. Following a field goal by the Saints, Eagles kicker Jake Elliott missed a 60-yard field goal, and the Saints scored a touchdown to take a 12–7 lead with just over two minutes left. However, a short pass from Hurts to Dallas Goedert for 61 yards on 3rd-and-16 set up another touchdown plus a two-point conversion by Barkley to make it a 15–12 Eagles lead. Reed Blankenship picked off Derek Carr on the final drive to seal the win. The Eagles won in New Orleans for the first time since 2007.

Week 4: at Tampa Bay Buccaneers
The Eagles visited the Tampa Bay Buccaneers without star receivers A. J. Brown and DeVonta Smith as well as tackle Lane Johnson, due to concussions suffered by Smith and Johnson and an ailing hamstring for Brown respectively. The Buccaneers raced to a 24–0 lead in the first half, and never looked back. While the Eagles were able to cut Tampa Bay's lead to 24–14 in the third quarter thanks to a better defensive effort, the Buccaneers would pull away, limiting Philadelphia to only a defensive two-point conversion the rest of the way. The Eagles dropped to 2–2 with the 33–16 road loss. It was the fourth time in the last five meetings Tampa Bay had beaten Philadelphia, including playoff matchups in 2022 and 2024.

Week 6: vs. Cleveland Browns
The Eagles jumped out to a 10–0 lead following a 49-yard field goal by Elliott and a 22-yard touchdown reception by A. J. Brown. However, the Browns cut the lead to 10–3 following a field goal by Dustin Hopkins, and a 57-yard field goal attempt by Elliott was blocked and returned by former Eagles safety Rodney McLeod for a touchdown to tie the game at halftime. The two teams would proceed to exchange field goals before Hurts hit DeVonta Smith for a 45-yard touchdown. The Eagles held the Browns to a 31-yard field goal to maintain a 20–16 lead, and Hurts hit Brown for a 40-yard gain to seal the game.
The game marked rookie Cooper DeJean's first start of the season, playing the nickelback position. It was the first of ten straight victories after starting 2-2.

Week 7: at New York Giants
Thanks to a 176 rushing yard performance from Saquon Barkley and 8 sacks from the defense, the Eagles defeated their division rival Giants by a final score of 28–3. While they did not score in the first quarter, Saquon Barkley scored a rushing touchdown early in the second quarter. Later in the same quarter, Jalen Hurts connected with A. J. Brown on a 41-yard touchdown pass on a 4th-and-3. The Eagles continued scoring in the second half, converting two quarterback sneaks for touchdowns in the third and fourth quarters. Early in the fourth quarter, both teams benched their starting quarterbacks, and the Eagles rested all of their offensive starters for the remainder of the game. The only points surrendered by Philadelphia came on a field goal just before the end of the first half. This game marked the first multi-score win for the Eagles since Week 7 of 2023, as well as their first game since their 2021 season opener against the Atlanta Falcons in which they did not surrender a touchdown.

Week 8: at Cincinnati Bengals
Despite falling behind 10–3 early, the Eagles tied up the game by halftime, and eventually gained the lead by the end of the 3rd quarter. With the assistance of two turnovers in the fourth, the Eagles won 37–17 against the Bengals. With the win, the Eagles recorded their first-ever win in Cincinnati in six tries, as well as defeating the Bengals for the first time since 2000.
The game traded time slots with the Chicago Bears-Washington Commanders matchup. As such, this was no longer the marquee Sunday matchup of the day.

Week 9: vs. Jacksonville Jaguars
The Eagles took a 22–0 lead over the Jaguars early in the third quarter. However, the Jaguars would quickly rebound with a Trevor Lawrence touchdown run and two-point conversion, cutting the Eagles' lead to 22–8. Fourteen seconds later, the Jaguars forced a Saquon Barkley fumble, which was returned for a touchdown by Travon Walker. Despite replays appearing to show Barkley down by contact, the ruling was upheld, and Jacksonville trimmed its deficit to 22–16 after the ensuing two-point conversion. The Eagles would rebuild the lead to 12 points with a 25-yard DeVonta Smith touchdown, but Lawrence would record another touchdown run to make it 28–23. The Eagles missed a 57-yard field goal on the ensuing possession, giving the Jaguars the ball near midfield with a chance to mount a game-winning drive. However, after Lawrence advanced to the Eagles 13-yard line, he threw his second interception of the afternoon to Nakobe Dean with 1:38 remaining in regulation, sealing the Eagles' fourth straight win. Philadelphia improved to 6–2 on the year.  Despite coming away with the victory, Eagles head coach Nick Sirianni's decision-making was criticized due to two turnovers on downs in Jaguars territory and three failed two-point conversions.

Week 10: at Dallas Cowboys
The Eagles had a rocky first half. After Dallas fumbled the ball, the Eagles were set up with a short field and scored a touchdown on a quarterback sneak by Jalen Hurts to take a 7–0 lead. The Cowboys answered with a Brandon Aubrey field goal to trim the Eagles' lead to 7–3. Jalen Hurts threw an interception into the end zone on the next possession. However, the Cowboys fumbled in the red zone, although the Eagles immediately fumbled as well, giving Dallas the ball at the Philadelphia 6-yard line. The Eagles defense forced a three-and-out, limiting the Cowboys to another Aubrey field goal, before ending the half with a Dallas Goedert touchdown reception to take a 14–6 lead. In the third quarter, the offense took off and took a 28–6 lead before Dallas turned the ball over three more times. The Eagles put their backups early in the 4th quarter and ultimately won 34–6. The Eagles picked up their first win in Dallas since 2017.

Week 11: vs. Washington Commanders
The Commanders jumped out to a 10–3 lead deep into the third quarter thanks to both a poor offense and special teams by Philadelphia, including Jake Elliott missing field goals from 44 and 51 yards. However, Philadelphia managed to score a field goal and force a punt, which they then capitalized on by scoring a touchdown to take a 12–10 lead following a missed extra point. The Commanders marched to the Philadelphia 25-yard line but Commanders head coach Dan Quinn chose to go for it on 4th and 2, which the Eagles stopped. The Eagles proceeded to score a touchdown to take a 19–10 lead before Jayden Daniels threw an interception to Reed Blankenship. Following the interception, Saquon Barkley ran for a 39 yard touchdown to give the Eagles a 26–10 lead. While Jayden Daniels' touchdown pass to former Eagle Zach Ertz trimmed Washington's deficit to 26–18 with 28 seconds remaining, the Commanders failed to recover the ensuing onside kick, sealing the win for Philadelphia.

Week 12: at Los Angeles Rams
Following a fumble recovery on the opening drive, the Eagles took a 3–0 lead on a 21-yard field goal from Jake Elliott. However, the Rams scored a touchdown to take a 7–3 lead at the end of the first quarter. The Eagles answered with another field goal by Elliott, then claimed a 13–7 lead on a 6-yard reception by A. J. Brown before halftime and would never look back. Immediately out of halftime, Saquon Barkley rushed for a 70-yard touchdown to take a 20–7 lead. The Rams responded with a touchdown to cut the lead to 20–14, but the Eagles scored a touchdown to take a 27–14 lead. Following a missed field goal from the Rams, the Eagles kicked a field goal to take a 30–14 lead. After sacking Matthew Stafford to set up a 4th-and-33, the Rams were forced to punt the ball away with only 5 minutes and 13 seconds remaining. The Eagles and Rams then exchanged touchdowns for a 37–20 final score. During the game, Saquon Barkley recorded 255 rushing yards and 302 total yards, setting two franchise records.

Week 13: at Baltimore Ravens
The Eagles started slow, stalling on all of their first-quarter possessions. Meanwhile, the Ravens kicked a field goal on their first possession and then scored a touchdown on their next possession: a pass to  Mark Andrews. After this touchdown, however, kicker Justin Tucker missed the extra point, leaving the score at 9–0 Ravens. After a better offensive and defensive effort, the Eagles scored their first touchdown midway through the second quarter on a touchdown pass to Dallas Goedert. The Eagles extended their lead to 14–9, but the Ravens managed to kick a field goal just before halftime, bringing the score to 14–12, with the Eagles still in the lead. The Ravens missed two field goals in the third quarter, but the Eagles could not capitalize on either of their opportunities offensively. After stopping the Ravens' offense in the fourth quarter, the Eagles got the ball back, and they capped off their drive with a Saquon Barkley touchdown run to take a two-score lead. On the next possession, the Ravens were faced with a 4th-and-8 deep in their own territory. They decided to go for it, but Lamar Jackson's pass was tipped by Tristin McCollum and fell incomplete, and the Eagles got the ball back. They would kick a field goal to take a 24–12 lead with just over a minute to go in the game. The Ravens drove down the field and scored a touchdown with three seconds left to go in the game following a touchdown pass to Isaiah Likely, but they failed to recover the ensuing onside kick, sealing the 24–19 win for Philadelphia.
With the win, the Eagles improved to a 10–2 record. This was their eighth straight win dating back to their Week 5 bye. Philadelphia recorded their first-ever road win over the Ravens and their first win in Baltimore since the 1978 season against the Colts.

Week 14: vs. Carolina Panthers
Following a back-and-forth affair, the Eagles had the ball up 22–16. After their final drive stalled past midfield, the Eagles punted the football back to Carolina and pinned the ball inside the 5-yard line. Despite the Panthers getting as close as the opposite 37 yard line, wide receiver Xavier Legette dropped a go-ahead touchdown pass on 2nd down; two plays later, the Eagles defense stopped the Panthers on a 4th-and-9 to secure the 22–16 win. The Eagles improved to 11–2 with the victory, and following losses by the Falcons and Cardinals, clinched a playoff spot for the fourth consecutive year.

Week 15: vs. Pittsburgh Steelers
The Battle of Pennsylvania ended in a 27–13 Eagles victory. Despite struggling with turnovers early on, the Eagles would correct their course and ultimately win the game decisively. The Eagles won a franchise-record 10th straight game since the bye week and also won their 11th straight home matchup against the Steelers in the Super Bowl era. With the win, they swept the entire AFC North. They also beat Russell Wilson for the first time ever after losing their previous six matchups against Wilson during his time in Seattle.

Week 16: at Washington Commanders
The Eagles initially had a 14-point lead in the first quarter, but an injury to Jalen Hurts allowed the Commanders to cut the Eagles' lead to 21–14 by halftime after a missed 56 yard field goal. Backup Kenny Pickett played out the remainder of the game as Hurts would not return, ultimately throwing 24 passes in relief. Despite the Eagles taking a 27–14 lead into the fourth quarter, back to back scoring drives gave the Commanders a 28–27 lead. The Eagles retook the lead following a 50-yard field goal by Jake Elliott and then the Eagles defense picked off Jayden Daniels for Philadelphia’s 5th turnover forced on the day. However, after wide receiver DeVonta Smith dropped a pass which would have allowed the Eagles to score another first down, they were forced to kick a field goal to extend the lead slightly to 33–28. The Commanders then begun a game-clinching, 57-yard drive culminating in a 9-yard touchdown reception by Jamison Crowder with six seconds left, giving Washington the eventual 36–33 victory. The Eagles' loss was ultimately sealed during the final kick return after cornerback Avonte Maddox had the ball punched out of his hands by safety Quan Martin, which was then recovered by Benjamin St-Juste. Due to the loss, Philadelphia missed an opportunity to secure the NFC East. This loss also broke their 10-game winning streak.

Week 17: vs. Dallas Cowboys
Despite not having starting quarterback Jalen Hurts, backup quarterbacks Kenny Pickett and Tanner McKee guided the Eagles offense to 34 points. The Eagles defense held Dallas to one touchdown while also forcing four turnovers: a C. J. Gardner-Johnson pick-six, an Oren Burks fumble, another Gardner-Johnson interception, and a Nolan Smith fumble.
After several small fights throughout the early parts of the game, a massive fight broke out during the fourth quarter, resulting in the ejections of Cowboys players Jalen Brooks and Troy Pride as well as Eagles Safety Sydney Brown.
With the win, the Eagles swept the Cowboys for the first time since 2011 and clinched the NFC East. Saquon Barkley reached 2,000 rushing yards, becoming the ninth running back in NFL history to do so. With the Vikings’ victory later in the day, the Eagles were locked into the NFC's #2 seed.

Week 18: vs. New York Giants
On December 31, 2024, the Eagles revealed they would wear their blackout alternate uniforms for their home contest against their divisional rival, the New York Giants. The Eagles rested a majority of their starters as it was no longer mathematically possible to improve their seeding. They went on to win by a final score of 20–13, which gave them their second 14-win season in the last three years. It was also the seventh time in the last eight divisional matchups Philadelphia toppled New York, dating back to December 2021, as well as their twelfth straight home win over the Giants, having last fallen to them at home in 2013.

Standings
Division
Conference
Postseason
Schedule
Game summaries
NFC Wild Card Playoffs: vs. (7) Green Bay Packers
The Eagles defeated the Green Bay Packers by a 22–10 margin. Philadelphia and Green Bay had previously played each other in Week 1, a 34–29 Eagles victory in Brazil. The Packers had finished the 2024 regular season with an 11–6 record, the best ever by an NFC #7 seed. Eagles starting quarterback Jalen Hurts was cleared from concussion protocol after having missed most of Week 16 and all of Week 17-18, returning to start the playoff run while also continuing to nurse a broken finger on his non-throwing hand, while Packers quarterback Jordan Love was looking to repeat his success from the 2023-24 NFL playoffs. 
A hit by Oren Burks on the opening kickoff dislodged the football and led to a Philadelphia recovery at Green Bay 28-yard line. Hurts found Jahan Dotson for a touchdown reception three plays later to open the scoring. Later in the quarter, the Eagles added a Jake Elliott field goal to complete an 11-play drive and extend the lead to 10–0. Interceptions by Darius Slay and Zack Baun helped hold Green Bay scoreless through the second quarter. The Packers cut the lead to 10–3 with a field goal in the third quarter, but the Eagles quickly responded with a 5-play drive featuring a 28-yard reception by DeVonta Smith and a 24-yard touchdown reception by tight end Dallas Goedert, in which he stiff-armed Packer corner Carrington Valentine multiple times on his way to the end zone. The play put Philadelphia ahead 16–3, but on Green Bay's ensuing possession, running back Josh Jacobs broke through for a 32-yard run, then scored from a yard out on the next play to make it 16–10 early in the fourth quarter.
Hurts led the Eagles on a 13-play field goal drive that ate up 7:23 of game clock to make it 19–10 Philadelphia. Green Bay went for it fourth down on their next possession, but Malik Heath could not bring in Love's pass and keep his feet inbounds. An unnecessary roughness penalty on Packers' defensive lineman T.J. Slaton for a late-hit on Saquon Barkley extended Philadelphia's next drive and led to a 32-yard Elliott field goal and a 22–10 lead. Quinyon Mitchell then intercepted Love in the end zone to put to rest any Green Bay comeback hopes.
Barkley finished the game with 25 carries for 119 yards and seemingly would have had more if he didn't choose to slide down at the Philadelphia 41-yard line with open field ahead of him on the Eagles' final possession. The Eagles won the turnover differential 4–0, carried by three interceptions of Love, while Nolan Smith chipped in a pair of sacks. The Packers were further hindered by four starters, including their top two receivers (Romeo Doubs and Jayden Reed), leaving the game due to injury. This was the Eagles' first Wild Card victory at home since 2006.

NFC Divisional Playoffs: vs. (4) Los Angeles Rams
The Eagles defeated the Los Angeles Rams 28–22 in a contest heavily impacted by winter weather in the second half. In Week 12, Philadelphia had defeated the Rams 37–20 at SoFi Stadium as Saquon Barkley set the Eagles franchise record for rushing yards in a single game with 255. His performance included touchdown runs of 72 and 70 yards. Much of the pregame attention focused on disparaging comments about Philadelphia fans made by Rams rookie linebacker Jared Verse.
Philadelphia scored on the opening drive on a 44-yard touchdown run by Jalen Hurts, but Jake Elliott missed the extra point leaving the Eagles with a 6–0 lead. The Rams answered with a 13-play touchdown drive, capped by a 4-yard Tyler Higbee touchdown reception, to take a 7–6 lead. Later in the opening quarter, Saquon Barkley broke a 62-yard touchdown run to the right side to give the Eagles a 13–7 lead. Los Angeles responded with a field goal to cut the Eagles lead to 13–10, and timely sacks by Verse prevented Philadelphia from scoring on either of its second quarter possessions. As the third quarter began, heavy snow was falling and accumulating on the field surface. Following another field goal by the Rams, the score was tied 13–13 midway through the third quarter. The Eagles responded with a 44-yard Elliott field goal to take a 16–13 lead, but after getting pinned deep in their own territory, Hurts took a sack in the end zone for a safety to cut the Eagles lead to one point. However, on the opening play of the fourth quarter with the Rams driving, Jalen Carter punched the ball away from Kyren Williams, with Isaiah Rodgers recovering the fumble and returning it to the Rams 10-yard line. A false start penalty took a would-be Hurts touchdown off the board, forcing the Eagles to settle for a field goal and a 19–15 lead. On Los Angeles' next drive, Matthew Stafford was strip sacked by Nolan Smith, with Zack Baun recovering at the Rams 38-yard line. The Eagles converted another field goal to extend the lead to 22–15. Following a three-and-out by the Rams, Barkley broke loose in the snow down the left sideline for a 78-yard touchdown with under five minutes to play, but another missed extra point kept the Eagles lead to 28–15. The Rams, in a hurry up offense, proceeded to score a touchdown to cut the Eagles lead to 28–22. The Eagles quickly went three-and-out, taking only 13 seconds off the clock, before Braden Mann hit a 55-yard punt to pin the Rams at their 18-yard line. Stafford again drove down the field, completing a 37-yard sideline pass to Puka Nacua inside the red zone. However, Carter came up with a season-saving sack on third down, then pressured Stafford into an errant throw on the resulting fourth down, sealing the win for Philadelphia.
With the victory, the Eagles advanced to their second NFC Championship game in three years. Barkley finished with 205 rushing yards, making him the first player to rush for more than 200 yards against the same opponent during the regular season and playoffs. The Eagles' defense sacked Stafford five times, with Carter responsible for two of them.

NFC Championship: vs. (6) Washington Commanders
The Eagles exploded for 55 points in a dismantling of their division rival Washington Commanders. The game marked the second ever playoff meeting between the Commanders and Eagles; their first came in the 1990 NFC Wild Card Game, where the then-Washington Redskins defeated the Eagles 20–6 at Veterans Stadium in Philadelphia. This was the first time the NFC Championship featured a divisional matchup since the Los Angeles Rams and San Francisco 49ers from the NFC West met in the 2021–22 playoffs, and the first involving NFC East sides since the New York Giants played the Redskins in 1986–87. During the 2024 regular season, the Eagles and Commanders split the series, with the Eagles winning 26–18 during Week 11 in Philadelphia, and the Commanders winning 36–33 during Week 16 in Washington. The Commanders were coming off a 45–31 upset of the top-seeded Detroit Lions, and Jayden Daniels was looking to become the first rookie quarterback to lead his team to the Super Bowl.
Daniels converted two fourth downs on the opening 18-play drive. However, the Commanders settled for a field goal. On the Eagles' first offensive play, Saquon Barkley broke a 60-yard touchdown run to make it 7–3. Linebacker Zack Baun forced a fumble on Washington's next drive, recovered by safety Reed Blankenship. The Eagles capitalized with a 4-yard Barkley touchdown run to increase the lead to 14–3. In the second quarter, Washington narrowed their deficit to 14–12 with a field goal (capping off a drive extended by a successful fake punt), followed by a 36-yard Terry McLaurin touchdown reception after a missed 54-yard field goal attempt by Eagles kicker Jake Elliott gave the Commanders a short field. Facing a 4th-and-5 from the Washington 45-yard line on the Eagles' ensuing drive, Jalen Hurts connected on a 31-yard pass to A. J. Brown. This crucial conversation led to points on a 1-yard "tush push" touchdown by Hurts. With less than two minutes left in the half, the Commanders fumbled the kickoff return, giving the Eagles the ball back. Hurts would complete a 4-yard touchdown pass to Brown to extend the lead to 27–12. Washington added another field goal to make the halftime score 27–15. 
In the third quarter, Hurts scored his second rushing touchdown, a 9-yard scamper to the left side to make it 34–15. Daniels responded with a rushing touchdown of his own, followed by a successful two-point conversion, to keep Washington within two scores. After an Eagles punt, Washington drove to midfield, but turned the ball over again, this time linebacker Oren Burks punching the ball away from Austin Ekeler. Philadelphia now began to pull away. A 22-yard rush by Barkley to the 1-yard line was followed by four straight offsides/encroachment penalties by the Commanders defense. After the fourth consecutive penalty, referee Shaun Hochuli advised Washington that if another encroachment penalty occurred, Philadelphia would automatically be awarded 6 points. Hurts eventually scored another tush push touchdown to increase the lead to 41–23. A fourth down sack by Nolan Smith ended Washington's next drive, and Barkley put the game away with his third touchdown, a 4-yard rush to the right side. Rookie cornerback Quinyon Mitchell would then intercept a Daniels heave into in the end zone, battling McLaurin on the play. Rookie Will Shipley then ripped off a 57-yard rush, and finished the drive with a 4-yard touchdown to bring the score to 55–23. 
Former Eagles' tight end Zach Ertz caught 11 passes and posted 104 receiving yards, but Washington lost three fumbles and an interception. Hurts passed for 246 yards and a touchdown, while the Eagles combined for seven rushing touchdowns. The Eagles' 55 points set the record for the most points in a conference championship game. With the win, they advanced to their fifth Super Bowl in franchise history and their second in three years.

Super Bowl LIX: vs. (A1) Kansas City Chiefs
Two years after their 38–35 defeat at the hands of the Kansas City Chiefs in Super Bowl LVII, the Eagles routed Kansas City 40–22 in a Super Bowl rematch. The Chiefs, led by head coach Andy Reid and quarterback Patrick Mahomes, were vying for an unprecedented third straight Super Bowl championship, and were in fact the first team ever to reach the Super Bowl with a chance for the "threepeat". 
The Eagles were forced to punt on their opening drive after a 32-yard completion to A. J. Brown was nullified by an offensive pass interference penalty. JuJu Smith-Schuster gained 11 yards on Kansas City's first offensive play, but it was to be the Chiefs' only first down until the third quarter. Jalen Hurts completed a 28-yard pass to Jahan Dotson on the Eagles ensuing drive just short of the endzone, then "tush pushed" the ball in on the next play for a 7–0 lead. After another Chiefs punt, Hurts took the Eagles back into Kansas City territory, but the drive ended on an interception to Bryan Cook – his first since Week 10, over half the entire NFL season ago. The Chiefs went three-and-out again and punted back to the Eagles. A 22-yard reception by Brown set up a Jake Elliott field goal. At this point, the onslaught by Philadelphia's top-ranked defense intensified. Mahomes was sacked on consecutive plays, then fired an interception to Eagles rookie cornerback Cooper DeJean, who returned the pick 38 yards for a touchdown and 17-0 advantage. After the teams traded punts, Mahomes, affected by pressure applied from defensive end Josh Sweat, tossed his second interception. The turnover, a diving catch by linebacker Zack Baun, set up Hurts' 12-yard touchdown pass to Brown, giving the Eagles a 24–0 halftime lead.
Kansas City's offense continued to struggle as the third quarter began, with sacks by Jordan Davis and Sweat forcing another punt. Hurts marched the Eagles on a 12-play field goal drive, which included two scrambles for first downs and a 22-yard downfield completion to Saquon Barkley. The Chiefs offense was then turned away again, with backup defensive back Avonte Maddox breaking up a fourth down pass to the outside intended for DeAndre Hopkins. Philadelphia took over on downs, and Jalen Hurts delivered a decisive 46-yard touchdown pass to DeVonta Smith on a play-action post pattern that extended the Eagles' lead to 34–0. Mahomes finally put the Chiefs on the board with a 24-yard touchdown pass to rookie speedster Xavier Worthy. Another Hurts scramble, this time for 17 yards, set up another Elliott field goal to make it 37–6 early in the fourth quarter. On Kansas City's next drive, defensive tackle Milton Williams strip-sacked Mahomes and recovered his own forced fumble, leading to Elliott's fourth field goal and a 40–6 lead. Mahomes would connect on garbage time touchdown passes to Hopkins and Worthy to complete the scoring.
The MVP award went to Hurts, who completed 17 of his 22 passes for 221 yards and two touchdowns, to go along with his 72 rushing yards and one rushing touchdown. Barkley, the clear focus of Kansas City's defensive gameplan, had his least productive game of the season statistically (57 rushing yards), but he still eclipsed Terrell Davis' record for most rushing yards in a season including playoffs (finishing with a total of 2,504 yards). Philadelphia's defense amassed six sacks – Sweat leading the way with 2.5, and Williams adding two of his own. The win delivered the Eagles their second championship in a seven-year span, and the dominance of the team's performance in the playoffs and latter portion of the season led to consideration of this iteration of the Eagles as the best in franchise history.

Notes
References
External links
Official website